After you've chosen the image for your AOD the next step is to write words for UROD that are really
going to convince people to click through or take that next step that you want them to take.
In this lecture I'm going to show you my example the text that I've written and also give me some tips
and tricks to enable you to write a winning Facebook card very very quickly.
So the first thing that you want to do to keep this process off is really come across to the odd preview
here and really see what her art looks like right now.
So remember that if you have added a couple of images up here you can just come across to click to number
Vance click across and you can start to see what's your odd.
Really looks like.
Now I have gone ahead and updated my headline and text and call to action here so I can run through
without you.
But if you have just loaded this up now you might be getting some text here.
And that is because Facebook is pulling it from the page that you are going to be really directing your
ad to.
Now they do.
This is a good base to start from.
But there isn't often the type of language there that you would want to so I'll show you how to edit
that.
Now the first thing that you really want to be focusing on is the headline.
You have 25 characters here to really grab attention.
This headline appears underneath the odd image and you can see that the text here is a lot larger than
text.
On the other parts of the ad.
So if your image catches people's eye the next thing that they're going to look at is this headline
here.
So you really want something here that's going to catch them at their attention and get them interested.
So what I have done here is putting in really a description of what I'm offering.
It's a complete digital marketing course.
And here I start to talk about some of the benefits 12 courses in one.
So immediately people can see OK well this is an all in one course and it's 12 and 1 so people are probably
thinking well that's great value for money.
This is interesting.
So for your headline I would recommend you either layering in a description of what the product is Plus
a benefit or just go straight for it benefit like attract new customers or get a new job or drive leads
or something like that.
It would be appropriate for my.
Obviously the benefit of your product or your service your app is going to be completely different.
But it is important to show that upfront.
Now after you have completed your headline the next step is to work on your text and this text appears
above the odd.
Here again it's a very similar concept.
You just want people to really understand the benefits of Wotcher offer and what are they going to be
able to achieve after taking your course using your product etc..
What does the future look like for them.
What I have put in here is a little bit of social proof as well.
So join 40000 students so an action word a little bit of social proof and get a complete education that
will say your business resume apart.
So I'm trying to paint a picture about what's going to happen once they buy my product.
Also I'm saying here get the first lesson free so it's not a big they don't have to make a buying decision
now.
All I'm trying to get them to do is really click through.
So I just need to show the benefits to get them to click through.
Now after you have worked on your tax there you can move down further and click Advanced Options and
see here the news feed length description.
So as my arm is being shown on the desktop news feed this will appear if I had chosen to show my ad
on the right hand side column or maybe inside Instagram this description here would not appear but it's
the same idea again.
You want to show the benefits.
Explain a little bit more about your product.
So I've explained really what's involved a little bit more.
You know 12 courses and one everything you need to grow business online fast get the first lesson free
so a reminder of that call to action again.
Now after you have set your headline and your text and the News Feed linked description you can also
then set the call to action button.
And this is what's appearing here.
Learn more.
Leave plenty of options to choose from.
And really the option that you will decide on it depends on the type of outcome that you're driving
people towards.
So apply now.
Book now contact us download request times see menu.
Shop Now.
Sign up.
Watch more.
You can see there are a lot of options there for you to choose from.
So the the elements once again are the headline this is critical then the text above text below on the
call to action button.
Now I understand that it can be quite hard to come up with these ideas yourself how can you really sell
the benefits and not get bogged down in just selling how your product works or what the features are.
Now one great way to get text for your hour that you can do is copy and paste is to actually come into
Facebook itself and look at the ads that are coming up.
One of the benefits that they are using what are some of the languages that they are using so sign up
for free.
That's something great from this site that I could probably incorporate up to 90 percent cheaper.
So making a comparison to competitors where the best way to send or whatever so you can see that sign
up for free up to 90 percent cheaper where the best way to do X.
This is all language that you can use for your own.
And what I would recommend you do that as you go through your news feed over time to start to save some
of the ads that you like and the language that you like.
Very simple to do.
They can save link.
Then after a while like I've done here you can have a database of a ton of ads to choose from on language
that you like.
So for example here is an Linked-In post that I thought was pretty good.
The language exceed your marketing goals that anybody could use that language exceed X get started and
attract new customers.
Raise Brown awareness drive leads success awaits all of this language no matter what you're offering
is language that you could use.
Just copy and paste this and put in the relevant information for yourself.
Now as well as getting ideas from your Facebook news feed you can also come across into Google and look
at what the advertisers on Google Adwords are using.
You're only trying to get inspiration here.
So what I would suggest you do is type B in your product name or something similar to that and see the
language the headlines the texts that competitors are using on a completely different platform.
But still there is still kind of trying to convince people to do the same things.
So let's have a look here.
Learn anywhere any time.
So key advantage for online learning 2017 shows it's up to date.
Now when rolling creates a sense of urgency.
53 percent of our graduates got a pay rise.
So a clear tangible result from people from taking this 88 percent are in managements are really going
with some statistics that's a great way to sell some benefits.
And looking down here you can see some other ones here as well.
It's going to be different for your product but this is just a great way that you can gather ideas.
So to recap once again the key areas that you should focus on are the headline The text on the call
to action button ID in that news feed link description if it's relevant.
Gather ideas from Facebook or Google AdWords.
And really it can be hard to know if this is really going to be the perfect copy.
But as we said you can test this as we go forward.
For now just get started with something and see the results.
So take a few minutes to go ahead and write a winning Facebook ad right now.